< ### Glassify_Website
## Better-Job-Searching-with-Psychometrics
### Project Details

> The glassify application provides a visual personality assesment for the user. In the assesment simply select me or not me as you relate to the image. The assesment takes two minutes to complete and is vetted for accuarcy by the traitify physcology team. After the assesment is taken results are shown by the user clicking the continue button which scrolls down to the results section on page.

> A list will then be gennerated of immediate job openings in the user's vicinity which compliments the user's personality type generated by the assesment. Witht he development of this application the user no longer had to take the results of the personality test and search an alternative job board or site using the careers or titles generated by the personality test, rather the list will be compiled immediately after the assesment and display relevant results to the user location automatically.

> The results of the personality assesment include: ** Lists

1.Each assesment matches the user with 5 to 7 personality types and includes a description of their personality in the results section of the page

2.Traits, the building blocks of personality, relates what makes one peson different from the next are shown

3.The third or extras section includes information on conflicting and complemting personality types along with the best work environment for the user.

### Built With

> 'css, jquery, HTML, javascript, Bootstrap, Materialize, Traitify API, GlassDoor API'

###Authors

>Steven Andrews ('Front End, Materialize Bootstrap') Isaac Manayath Front End, ('Materialize Bootstrap') Tarek Adam ('Back End, Traitify API') Erick Delgado ('Back-End, Glass Door API')

### Motivation

> The project uses a personality assesment to match users to job environments which compliment the user's personality with-in the user's immediate vicinity. The motivation was to have a one stop application that will asses your personality and connect the user to specific job openings or titles in the immediate area rather then the user having to acces multiple search engines to accomplish the same task. The applicatin also allows the user to not limit their job search to specific job titles or keyword searches as these are generated by the assesment and all possible titles are shown in the result section.

